Hello grandma
Are you my classmate from Li Xiaoya?
What's the matter?
He socializes a lot outside
Still often talk to our Mr. Jin?
Mr. Li is often together
How do you get along with someone
A man older than your father can hug
Hug, grandma, listen to me explain
It doesn't look like this.
No matter how poor we are, we have to make money upright.
Go to your modeling agency and resign you
Grandma, I don't want to give up my modeling job
Come with me grandma
Come in follow me
Sister Juan, this is my grandmother
Hello. Hello.
You're welcome.
I brought Xiaoya to resign
How can this work?
Mayfair is our most promising model
We Xiaoya can't do this business
Please think about it again.
There's nothing more to say.
Or I'll tell you.
Xiaoya, let's go
Let's go. Come on
Go quickly
Keep the seat for you.
When your grandma is angry
Will be back long ago